oh these Rockets oh they are so powerful
they're doing about three times the
damage of their bed to be doing which is
just perfect for me
fantastic hello there ladies and
gentlemen I'm the spitting Britt and
welcome to today's video we're playing
total war Warhammer to quite possibly
one of the best grand strategy games on
the market at the moment and in my
opinion probably the best Warhammer game
out there it's absolutely fantastic and
full of great fun but in today's video
we're going to be doing something very
unique you see like all total war games
the developers want you to have a nice
unique balanced army which is powerful
at defeating numerous quantities of foes
or building up a specialized army just
perfect for defeating say the undead or
Skaven or Lizard Men you name it you've
got two min max it but today we're doing
none of that ladies and gentlemen
instead we're not men maxing way just
maxing we are going to go on a quest to
see just how far you can take the
artillery only build in total war
Warhammer to the artillery only build
would be playing as any faction in the
empire and having a army comprised of
mostly just the fantastic hellstorm
rocket batteries these are effectively
the Warhammer equivalent of the USSR's
Katusha it's fantastic so we're going to
be diving into a game and I'm going to
be trying to exploit every single system
this game has in order to get the most
you physically can out of a Kurdish Co
so make sure you're sat back you're
relaxed and you're ready for this one
ladies and gentlemen because trust me
it's going to be one exciting spicy
bugger of a game so make sure you've
saluted your picture of the Queen which
hangs above your computer pour yourself
another cup of tea and you know what if
you want to sign yourself up to die as a
peasant farmer on the frontlines of the
Empire you might have even hit that like
right let's jump into the video so we're
going to need to immediately start a
brand new campaign of the mortal Empires
books of course I've the vortex it's
great fun but mortal Empires there's
just so much more of a world to conquer
now of course when it comes to the
mortal empires you can play as the hippy
elf boys they're just boring or you can
place the door curves even more boring
the Lizardman
who'd want to play lizard-men you could
play as some zombie pirates some rap
boys some Egyptian mummies or you could
play as Britannia Oh what terrible
choices alternatively you can play as
the glorious Empire of man now the
Empire is a very unique faction because
basically it's just one great big
massive land around about here which all
swears fealty to warn dude now when it
comes to which dude to play you have a
couple of choices in Blair's the
legendary Emperor Franz
Bowser guilt or you can play as Marcus
wolf out in the middle of nowhere of
course we're not going to the latter
that's probably not much fun instead
we're going to be playing as beltasar
guilt because immediately he's a very
unique Lord he gets all of the classic
race attributes which all of the other
factions get which is a nice
well-rounded unit roster you can summon
the elect accounts you have an imperial
authority which is great fun but what
makes him so unique is not only does he
give all of his units an extra ten armor
he has more and cheaper battle wizards
what makes him oh so special is this
Lord affects plus 10% missile damage for
artillery in the Lord's army this is
perfect this is everything you need and
so much more but this is our first 10%
increase to missile damage and this is
where we're going to be starting our
campaign we're gonna crank it up to
normal on both but this will be
achievable on every single difficulty
the game has right let's start ourselves
a new campaign oh here we have it
fantastic we're in the game now of
course we control the lovely town / city
of people door fell Dorf oh this is a
place in the empire trust me now the
Empire and the golden order are a pretty
fun and simple faction to play basically
you're playing a battle wizard who has a
bunch of magical superpowers and you
have to lead them about the land as he
you know liberate them from other people
now the way this game works is that
there are a bunch of different elect
accounts all of which have a certain
level of fealty to us for example the
people of a Ville and over here have a
natural fealty of eight towards us if we
get that number up to ten dole
immediately Confederate reverse and what
that means is their entire empire
becomes ours all of their armies are
ours everything it's great fun but also
the way the electric current system
works is that everyone has
if it bonus for the region they control
for example Baltazar girl tara a lovely
legendary lord is controlling the region
of seoul and what that means is that he
can recruit extra people he gets to form
guard deploy and he gets some decrease
in upkeep fantastic he also gets a
unique weapon and a unique special set
of infantry that's all great well done
beltasar
the only difference is there are some
better regions out there most
importantly the region of vision land to
our left recent land overhead grants us
a very important bonus if you're the
count of visum land you'd not only get
40% missile resistance you also get +10
% missile damage for artillery units
plus 2 percent recruit rank for
artillery units and a decrease in of
keep again but what is so important for
this is that it is a plus 10 percent
damage increase for artillery units if
we add that to the existing bounties or
guilt that means it's a plus 20% damage
for all artillery units now that's
perfect so that's one of the ways we're
going to be increasing our damage there
are of course a few other ways that most
easy being the tech tree now the way the
tech tree works is with firing drills
here which makes it so that all of our
artillery going to be reloading and
shooting faster which is great we can
increase the ammunition which is also
fantastic and most importantly another
plus 8% missile damage for artillery
units is found right here this is great
we're going to be quite a while off of
this though and you're probably going to
want to sink most of your early research
into things like the assembly line then
the Imperial University and also make
sure to grab the combustion agent
because this is going to make all of our
hellstorm rocket batteries even better
when we spawn them in but that's not all
ladies and gentlemen there's even more
we can add on so already we've got plus
28 percent damage but there is
technically more to be had it's just
going to be very complicated to find you
see down here we of course have the wolf
Heart Huntsman or whoever he is he's a
man of the empire he runs around here
just basically hunting lizard men in a
forest and the Empire sends him supplies
that is genuinely his entire job oh he
has a more important purpose for us
because as long as we get our lovely
pouches are dealt over here all the way
across the map to murder him then guess
what I have some fantastic news for you
if you manage to fire
and kill Markus wolf heart with any Lord
that Lord immediately gains plus 5%
missile damage to their entire army and
plus 10% missile resistance that's
fantastic and that's not even all ladies
and gentlemen because already were up to
plus 32% provided we get all of these
traits together of that we also have
some even greater improvements firstly
we of course have the additional orb of
sorcery which is great it means all of
the lumenok units and steam tank unit do
even more damage they will also receive
the bonus from our general improvements
to all range units so that means we're
gonna have very powerful steam tanks
more powerful steam tanks than we
actually have hellstorm rocket batteries
and I personally prefer the hellstorm
but to improve it even more after that
we have the Imperial gunnery bonuses
which allow us to gain an extra plus 12%
damage so that means we go from doing 32
I fink to doing about 44 and then you
can add an additional plus 12% on top of
the 44 to do plus 56% damage with ranged
units that's not actually as far as it
can go it can go even further but it's
gonna take us a long time to get there
ladies and gentlemen
so we're going to need to sit ourselves
back and get comfortable because this is
going to be one hell of a campaign for
total war Warhammer to these videos take
a bloody long time so let's jump into it
and already I'm going to have to restart
because excellently move Bowser sell go
all the way into the wrong region come
on you just had to defeat one tiny
garbage goblin army ha ha ha welcome to
the first big point in our game it's a
roundabout turn 29 and we've managed to
capture ourselves castle dragon half
over here I know it's a very important
little region for us to grab because
it's effectively nullified the vampire
counts of being a fallen in our side and
it's going to allow us to expand
northwards up here and also at the same
time the Alexa count over here of austin
mark decided to try and escape from the
empire and as you know when someone
tries to leave the empire it's a
perfectly justifiable opportunity to
annex all of their lands which is
exactly what we're doing we're gonna
sweep on up through the vampire counts
probably leave castle Tempelhof to the
Moot and then run all the way up here to
take over Oster mark i know it's gonna
be great fun now we still haven't
managed to get the opportunity to take
vision land yet basically we either need
them to rebel or some kind of
where they attack someone and then we
can jump in on the opposite side of them
and steal their capital province if we
manage to grab known then that gives us
the ability to put hopefully bout as our
gelt in control of this inland anyway
we're on the marches always to just
steal land from the vampire counts most
these fights aren't even that tricky we
can kind of just march our way in and go
oh hello there vampire counts oh what's
that you have an entire stack of men a
lot of crypt ghouls well they're pretty
dangerous are they well it's a shame
they don't stand up against waves and
waves of spear dudes backed up with a
bunch of archers and a couple of crazy
night Cavalry's oh and whoa BAM that's
it that's literally it it's crazy how
this game works but that's an easy
decisive victory only 296 losses and
these archers Haymitch 220 kills what
the hell they were shooting at my
goodness
right well that was easy that's an
occupation and now that's all of Eastern
Sylvania secured for us which is lovely
it's probably time we peace out with
Sylvania because there's no need for us
to take castle temple off doesn't offer
us any unique bonuses and so we must
consequently March bout as our guild up
north
whilst all of this is going on by the
way he's improved his Imperial gunnery
skill up to maximum which is great you
know what I should probably grab him his
golden face mask for his +20 arm and
there we go that'll give him some power
fantastic this is going great
oh no ladies and gentlemen this is an
opportunity turned 37 and Vissel hand
declares independence and naturally we
voted to stop this and land by force
because this was what we were looking
for all along oh it's perfect we've got
an army here just ready to deal with it
oh it's gonna be great right you my
friend are going to go defeat the
vampire count rebels and then march on
vision burg you know it was rad it we're
also gonna recruit a new lord we're
gonna probably grab some kind of hunts
master general one of these guys they're
gonna be fantastic suppose you could
also recruit a battle wizard they're
always good fun look at them they are
pretty expensive though but we can get
five of them in an army if we really
wanted anyway it looks like we're gonna
need to finish up with our CG over here
and then run on so we're going to have
to manually fight this siege ourself
although knowing how the AI is going to
work they're probably going to sadly out
and attack us and we'll crush that no
problem anyway it's off to view some bug
very soon ladies and gentlemen this is
going to be one exercise
moment as as soon as we get this invoked
we get that plus 10% artillery damage
and Balthasar gelt oh he's been
practicing for his artillery I mean just
look at him he's level 15 he's maxed out
his Imperial gunnery all he needs is his
Emperor's finest then he can get rally
and then finally we can drop one more
point into artillery master and that is
just perfect
Oh it's ten turns after the visum burg
Declaration of Independence and as you
can tell independence is kind of
backfired for visum burg because their
capital province is now surrounded by
the combined forces of Balthazar guilt
here now backed up with Kurt Allen stag
the brand new hunts marshal as well as
dirt force I know it's gonna be great
and we're going to be taking this
capital right now
Oh what's this we only have a 50% chance
of winning the siege sure you know
whatever you say you're right you're
right game I often get this wrong yet I
haven't brought enough men they're going
to absolutely crush me I must be
mistaken
you know what I'm gonna have to continue
to and bited
next hope that probably could have Sally
out and attack me on the field of battle
oh my goodness please do it please leave
the fort and defensive structure to
attack me no that would be so good
you're very smart AI you know you want
to you know you do come on you're moving
you're here oh god what's your hero
doing
oh you don't Sally out oh that's
terrible Oh a novel and has offered
their Confederation well you know what
we might as well accept it I thank you
Everland
oh that's an entire province secured
lovely stuff oh and of course it comes
with a free army Ruediger Volkmann now
is ours all right I think it's time for
us to do our seats ladies and gentlemen
we've got all of our dudes here we've
got one battering ram I think this will
probably be of nice and easy battle and
by that I mean I'm controlling a large
army so thousands of people are going to
die when I never tably forget they exist
and they end up walking straight into a
massive gun pointing at their face or
they just stand in one location was
hails of artillery fire rains down upon
them as I forget my crew them out of a
position perfect the siege can begin
it's going to be one complicated siege
because they have reinforcements they
have a lot of artillery it's going to
basically be all about seeing who can
get on the walls first really for my
then why honor for the great swords
leading the battering ram in well you
know what I'm not going to ask questions
we're just going to send them in and
then we're going to have a wave of
spearmen just run onto the walls and
probably die trying
i stalled my lovely archers can just sit
and relax alright here we go it's time
for the big invasion oh my goodness
there's a perfect shot from the mortars
right back here are we just going to
cause havoc for this gatehouse and
immediately a massive next wave of
infantry has just rocked up oh you guys
are gonna have fun I hope you enjoyed
storming the breaches because that's
what we have planned for you
oh yes the first Manor climbing up the
ladders now this is perfect we've had
massive casualties which is just how I
like it I mean what's the point of
really fighting your own battles when
you can just reign in artillery on your
own men's positions and of course
Balthazar gets casted absolutely crazy
spell which is just immediately
eviscerated a thousand people you know
we can just cast more spells down
because why not he's bout as our goat
you can do a bunch of magic stuff now
and they just opened the doors for us oh
that's very nice of them
hello and there we go we've done it
fantastic we managed to read all of
their forces in the end it was a very
costly battle and I'm sure we've lost a
lot of men but honestly it doesn't
actually matter it was a decisive
victory apparently the auto resolve
wouldn't have been the decisive victory
I would of course bounced out got 187
kills from casting a bunch of wizard
magic into the crowd hats off to him we
did kind of get shredded by the
artillery which is a perfect example of
why it's good to have the artillery on
your side rather than helping the enemy
anyway with the AI forces dealt with now
this puts it in a very nice position and
we there we go that's the decisive
victory we're looking for that's an
entire faction defeated and that is this
entire province now in our control
perfect known is ours ladies and
gentlemen and that's basically their
faction destroyed as well
I'm sorry Heinz Hertz vans and Heinz
hunter to recover what is this RV it's
just two dudes both called Heinz
it's the Heinz Bros well good job Heinz
Bruce they're just running around our
lands that's fine let's finish them off
road F in chat for the Heinz Burroughs
ladies and gentlemen F in chat and there
we go with the death of both of the
Heinz Bros vision land has been defeated
kilted battle just where they both
called hines it's almost as good as van
van Volk van van which is a true name
which can't generate in this game I know
so I've been building up our economy and
it's now Turner 69 well okay I actually
didn't do that deliberately this just
happens to be the turn where I can
finally do the quest for the cloak of
molten metal which is a very unique item
for good old Balthazar Colt gives him
just a bunch of resistances and makes
him very nice and overpowered so yeah
we're gonna go and do this quest better
with our force of dudes pretty sure
we're fighting against undead's which
isn't actually that difficult first so
this is gonna be a very easy and lovely
fight oh my god we're gonna win this
instantly there's not even a point of me
actually fighting this on the battle map
oh wait no we can't auto resolve
fantastic I've got to actually fight
this with such a challenge that this is
going to be and here we go up perfect
optimum army setup already from our
starting position we can just rain a lot
of fire onto them we have a bunch of
dudes stuffed into a forest who are able
to cause a bunch of chaos - and of
course I can cast magic from my starting
zone of course right there we go that's
just gonna be squad of zombies annoyed
and the vampire Lords are no more
naturally I completely been stop the
battle yet again in true British fashion
and I had a massive quantity of horses
just charged into the enemy I watched
them and then I just forget about them i
watch them slowly get slaughtered by
skeleton spearmen some of the weakest
and cheapest units in the game killings
over the most powerful oh well that's
just how it works of me Oh welcome back
to Warhammer it's now turn 82 and some
good progress has been made we are now
the strongest fraction in the entire
world although we have just entered into
war with the next most strongest faction
the black crag orcs yes that really big
they basically controlled almost the
entirety of the map here and a also for
some reason control the map up here so
yes we're going to do our best effort to
kind of just ask them from our general
area so it's a good thing we
Confederated a bunch of terms cuz we
actually have quite a few armies lying
around
unlike goodness we got the stuff of
valannus quest at the same time well
we'll just leave that for the time being
because we're getting really close to
actually being able to recruit the
artillery you see was we could have
recruited the artillery previously if we
wait for this city to be level five and
we also graden the null
it's cool then all of our artillery
recruits for ranks higher currently our
Huntsman generally can recruit the whole
storm rocket battery at a skill level of
6 provided the hailstorm rocket battery
has a skill level of 7 they received the
plus 12% damage increase which Balthasar
Gale provides them with it's a really
important skill to have naturally we
need to make sure that we can actually
recruit the hellstorm rocket batteries
of that skill before we buy a bunch of
them and then watch them die in battle
and then once we finally have that army
we need to go on our magical adventure
across all of the oceans of the world to
go find the hunts master general and
murder him only then can we have true
power in true total total war one thing
we now have access to though is improved
battle wizards I know these are not just
your regular battle wizards we are able
to recruit wizards at rank 10 which just
makes them very powerful naturally we're
gonna go for Ian Todd premia what kind
of name is this you got Boris Todd bring
over there aka the legendary toady
but know this is his slightly less
impressive cousin Ian Todd bringer oh my
goodness so you might be wondering why
we chose to get the bright wizard I know
there's a bunch of different wizards out
there we chose to get this one my
reasoning is quite simple basically if
we upgrade our lovely fireball spell
here we get accessed in Kindle flame
which means we cast a map void
continuous debuff which grants a 22
percent weakness to fire damage on
everyone on the map this is fantastic
because it means all of our flame based
artillery does even more damage what we
can then improve even more is the
flaming sword of ruin we can upgrade
this free times and suddenly we have a
spell which doesn't actually cost that
much and improves missile damage by 25%
it's a fantastic little spell and there
we have it we now have Ian Todd bringer
the perfect companion for any missile
based army so we're going to have to
send him to meet up with good old
Balthazar I often get asked a lot about
which youtubers I actually recommend or
follow for like the games I play and
certainly for will Humber - you've got a
bunch of great content creators out
there my personal favorite and the
classic Tom and Ben twitch streams but
of course I still hold out hope that
youtubers like Mandalore eventually
to cover this game and of course I can
never lose my true favorites my sweet
sweet Irish boys of a hearty in Cormac
heaven his beautiful sausages not that
they'd probably ever play a game like
this but my goodness I just loved them
too
BAM I've jumped into the midpoint of the
video and you would least expected me I
know that's right it's me and oh my
goodness are we moving into smooth jazz
fm oh my goodness yes we're going into
smooth voice mode for this sponsored
announcement that's right this message
is brought to you by spiff co itself
we're here to remind you that the
hallucinogenics we slipped into your tea
should be taking effect right about now
and your desire to like the video should
have increased by about fourteen
thousand percent thank you to those in
the spiff Co R&D division for creating
that and not only that but the boffins
in the research division created this
brand new line of glorious and majestic
merchandise scientifically verified to
increase your charisma stats by fourteen
thousand percent and your softness by a
good fifteen point seven five percent -
they're actually really bloody comfy I'm
wearing mine now which I got ahead of
time and it's nice and soft and honestly
that's all I want from my jumpers
because soft and warm jumpers warm up my
cold icy and dead heart
god bless fabrics they're great anyway
let's dive back into the video oh this
is it ladies and gentlemen the turn I've
been waiting for turn 106 we finally got
our empire up and running and we have
our hellstorm batteries immediately they
are recruited at maximum rank this is
level 9 meaning before we actually move
them to Balthazar gelt their actual
missile damages 510 this is in
comparison to their regular base missile
damage which is 340 basically these guys
are better they're going to last longer
they're going to hit harder and they're
going to be absolutely fantastic so
we're getting as many of them as we
physically can't then we're gonna load
them up onto Balthazar goat and then
we're probably going to throw Balthazar
guilt into this mission over here to get
the stuff of valannus and the stuff of
Roland's I don't know I better do war
hammer pronunciation it's all the same
and then after that we need to go track
down the final increase of 5% missile
damage and find the bloody Huntsman
alright this is it ladies and gentlemen
we've done it the actual proper attack
ah we've got all of our hellstorm rocket
back
is ready we've got the min maxed out to
the absolute maximum as you can see each
hailstorm rocket battery is going to 677
missile damage each while he'll blast a
volley gun is gonna do 1711 because it
can't physically do more than that we've
kind of broken that one yeah it's gonna
be stupid this fight I am very excited
to see what happens but we've got a
bunch of Units to kind of stand in front
of the whole storm rockets and then the
Houston Rockets are going to cause
absolute chaos on an attacking chaos
army I know it makes us even better
versus I'm pretty sure they don't even
have any range units which makes this
fight a little bit easy now I'm sorry it
was whole Sidious you're going to be
fighting the mighty force of Balthasar
guilt as well as Todd Bruner good old
Ian
he drives a Ford Fiesta when he's not
working out of his white van and then
when he gets out of his van he casts
flames spells it's magically in I mean
if you actually met a fire was it called
Ian Todd bringer who did actually drive
around at a Ford Transit van his fire
spell would probably be shaking up a can
of Lynx Africa and holding it in front
of a lit flame but honestly that's
enough to become the arch fire priests
of Balthazar Celts golden order alright
so here we have it we need to set
ourselves up ready for a legendary
battle we have this nice great big hill
behind us I think it makes sense to make
use of it so let us first line up all of
our fantastic ranged artillery I want
all of the Rockets kind of out in the
open but positioned in a way so that all
of them can shoot I mean just look at
these things
they're absolutely stupid it's just a
bunch of dudes wearing yellow firing
rockets across the map now you might be
wondering about my battle plan for
today's fight well my hope is that the
enemy will charge towards us there are
oh and that's exactly what they're doing
there was always the charge that they
wouldn't do that and that would have
been a real shame but this is fantastic
they're going to offer up their entire
army to us on a silver platter now none
of our Rockets going to be able to shoot
for a while and we're actually going to
take them off fire at will because we
don't want them wasting a single shot we
also have our major setup here who's
ready to cast is fantastic spell of
increasing the fire damage of all of our
rockets and pretty sure this hits all
but one of our squads which is fine but
we do actually have a very special
battle plan for today's fight basically
we have our glorious Knights of the
lasting light they're not actually going
to be able lasting because they are
operation distract oh nine thousand the
nights of the everlastings job is to
charge headfirst into the enemy and keep
them clumped up in a big ball whilst
that's happening Balthazar dealt here is
going to improve their armor massively
and cast a bunch of spells on top of
them hopefully they will last longer
than five seconds if they don't mats
find would you send in Baldrick over
here a baldric will willingly sacrifice
himself for the greater good don't worry
he's an immortal and here we go it looks
like we're ready to actually get started
on some true proper chaos you know what
I think it's time we open up fire man
open fire I want everyone to target
those chosen how birds at the back and
we're going to create the mega blob a
group of men whose only job is to last a
long long time and in comes the flames
oh good it's yes the flames and fire
kind of mostly just hit our own men
there but you know what that's part of
the charm
immediately the frontlines of the chaos
nights are getting eviscerated here oh
my goodness what chaos is this
we haven't even cast our fire spell so
major boy increase missile damage by
over 25% six hundred and seventy seven
is just not cutting it how far can we go
seven hundred and one go by Gloria Sven
oh yes this is fantastic this is art
oh yes the chaos forces are going to
really be struggling now oh this is just
true chaos they haven't even hit the
front lines yet it's just a bunch of
missiles landing in the enemy oh these
Rockets oh they are so powerful they're
doing about three times the damage of
their bed to be doing which is just
perfect for me
fantastic are we going to be able to do
it most of their army is already routing
oh yes even the cavalry trying to come
around the side is just getting shredded
by all of this oh this is incredible yes
they can't even get close immediately
their men are breaking this is it we've
done it all that was quite possibly the
greatest CREZ battle i've ever seen we
didn't really take any losses at all I
don't think other than of course the
Warrens quart of sacrificial horse dudes
this has been a glorious battle
just look at all the men as they retreat
just getting shredded by all of the
spare rockets we had lying around all
this was perfect wasn't it a fantastic
time to end the battle he notes of the
everlasting did exactly as I wanted them
firstly they didn't ever last they died
immediately and they managed zero kills
the Rockets on the other hand managed to
absolutely annihilate most of the known
universe they did absolutely fantastic
the helpless a volley gun also did great
and so did walk just about everything in
my entire army they were just lovely
Road ladies and gentlemen I've made some
improvements our army is you know as
incredible as always but we've got yet
another quest battle to fight once again
we're on the quest for the staff of
Roland's and we've got to defeat some
boring peasant farmers I know
apparently this is going to be a tough
fight look at this balance of power 5050
this is gonna be rough ladies and
gentlemen or is it just a bunch of how
boots with not much defense some hand
Gunners and some Demi grifs
this is going to be very interesting
once again we're going to deploy all of
our artillery and one nice big clump
we've of course our volley gun in the
middle we're gonna plop that steam tank
up in the front as well this time
because I expect an ambush to be
happening we're going to be having some
spearmen defending the rear or and just
every single flank in general really we
do have one bonus unit of great swords
now this is a very unique group this is
an extra special group which is
unbreakable great swords now what these
guys are going to be doing is they're
going to be charging straight forwards
to the enemy and because they're
unbreakable they're never going to
retreat and that's exactly what I look
for from my great swords so we're going
to send a bunch of old crusty dudes
straight towards the enemy and some fun
is going to happen immediately all of
our rockets can fire and so it's
probably a good idea if we pause the
game and cast our magical spell and
actually need to wait for the spot to be
cast and now that it's cast we're gonna
turn back on fire will and away the
Rockets go oh this is gonna be one very
nice opening volley
alright the swordsmen are charging in
this is going to be a great start and
here comes our first few volleys
straight into the enemy lines
good first hit there couple of misses
but all around all that some good hits
on those great cannons very nice oh and
these halbert's here love
stuff now of course the accuracy isn't
the best but the closer they get the
more deadly we get which is just
fantastic for us oh and that's their
great cannon immediately destroyed and
out of the game as well as the unit of
hell Birds which was defending it let's
get some of these units at the front oh
my goodness they have some men hidden
away in the forests some ambushes oh
this is exciting if only we were
prepared for an ambush oh wait we are so
the great swords are all dying
immediately
so the halberd is at the front yet you
really should have chosen to be in the
second wave attacking you know oh my
goodness our great swords are doing a
fantastic job of their fighting to the
last and I'm so proud so yes they're
trying to kind of come in on our flank
and get a surprise attack on us but it's
not going to work not at all all we need
is our spearmen to soak up all of the
ranged hits as we slowly charged around
the map causing even more chaos oh and
this is perfect as they retreat all of
our rockets are able to open up and
chaos is properly ensuing now this is
fantastic no matter what direction they
run off in were able to get them all
there we have it ladies and gentlemen
total victory ah it was a bit of a
scrappy fight at the end a lot of losses
and a bit of a break in the line but you
know it was an absolute great laughs
couple of the Rockets managed to get 254
kills which is stupid considering this
is an army comprised of a very large
quantity of artillery and the thing is
we haven't actually really hit their
peak you see in the background have had
something improving something going on
which is very scary and very powerful so
our special improvement to make
everything better is not just this brand
new regiment of renowned hell blaster
volley cannon which does 1395 damage and
is armored it's actually this lovely guy
here Kurt Allen stag you see Kurt Allen
stack has a couple of incredible bonuses
he provides the bonus of sure and true
which provides a +5 reload skill plus 5%
missile damage and plus 5%
armor-piercing missile damage for all
nearby units fantastic we can just plunk
him down on a battlefield and he buffs
everything what makes him then even more
powerful is that he can augment himself
every once in a while for hail of fire
which imbues every single range weapon
in a 40 meter radius with fire
damage and ads +32 their reload skill
and then later on you can also get him
up to funnel flame which adds a fervor
plus 30 to his reload skill now you
might be thinking what enough does that
mean and on a fundamental level ladies
and gentlemen what that means is you
effectively turn the hellstorm rocket
battery from being just a rocket
artillery piece which can fire a rocket
then you have to wait about seven
seconds for the next volley you can take
it from that to suddenly being almost
instantaneous suddenly your house storm
rocket battery thanks to the Imperial
gunnery bonus and the artillery master
bonus suddenly your rocket batteries of
reloading at the rate of a fully
automatic minigun that's when you have
to start questioning the balance of the
game and there we have it ladies and
gentlemen I think this is probably where
I'm going to have to call it a video but
if you wanted to do this yourself and
take it beyond this point then my advice
would be to of course go find the hunts
master general down fighting the lizard
men over here in the Warhammer
equivalent of the Brazilian jungles and
then also make sure to trail your hair
around with a secondary army led by a
hunts master general who can either have
a bunch of artillery or just whatever
you want you can give them a huge form
of infantry just to stand in the way of
the enemy it's really up to you and I
also strongly recommend making sure that
this guy is also the person in control
of the vision land region because they
immediately gives them plus 10% missile
damage for artillery units it's a real
shame that sadly we can't find a way to
exploit the game and take Balthazar
guile off of the region of so land and
put him on to vist and land as well
because if that was the case we'd have
been able to take the damage from being
about 700 to probably closer to around
about 1000 and if we were having each
and every single rocket hitting for 1000
then that means if you were to shoot one
of those missiles at say an enemy
character you'd be able to kind of take
them out in about two volleys provided
half the shots hit it also has great
armor-piercing capabilities and just
general fantastic stuff I also strongly
recommend using these missiles against
the undead because undead factions have
even more of a weakness to fire damage
and if you want to make things even more
crazy then make sure to use your hunts
master general and fly him straight into
the middle of the enemy I know it sounds
stupid because this guy is a ranged hero
but if you can get him into the middle
of the enemy you can get him to cast oil
flasks this hits an enemy and gives them
a 50% flame weakness I know that's
ridiculous when added to the plus 20%
flame weakness of the fire mage here
suddenly everything on the bounce of
yours is plus 70% weakness to fire
damage if you're fighting the undead
then they already have it plus 25%
weakness to fire damage or whatever or
maybe it's even plus 20 I can't remember
and so what you can do fear at it is get
all of this combined and even though
your missiles say they're doing 1000
damage they're actually going to be
doing 2,000 damage against the undead
because everything is going to have
massive fire weakness and meaning it's
gonna be doing even more damage it's
stupid it's fantastic I love it anyway
ladies and gentlemen I'm gonna have to
call it a day here because I've spent
probably about three days making this
video which is far too long for me to
spend on one video technically speaking
but you know we've got many more games
to cover so it's time for us to move on
and if you have indeed enjoyed total war
Warhammer here today then please do give
the video a like because it encourages
me even more so to return to this game
because there is so much more to
discover I mean just every single new
DLC released for this game creates brand
new ways to glitch it and cheese it as
always a massive thank you to each and
every one of my majestic patrons now
enjoying this grand new custom made end
screen I know we spent four months of
the patreon budget crafting this
glorious design probably I don't know
most of the money goes to tea anyway and
hey if you did enjoy this video then you
may want to consider subscribing to this
very strange channel it's unique and
we'd absolutely love to have you on
board for the ride and if you sat there
thinking I wonder what video to watch
next look no further than these ones on
screen now they've been hand chosen by
myself to be just exactly what you're
searching for trust me you cannot love
it anyway I'll see each and every one do
the next one have an absolutely lovely
evening or day mid day whatever there it
is and I'll see you in the next one
[Music]